Update key rotation doc (#4539)
celo-org/celo-monorepo: packages/docs/operations-manual/key-management/key-rotation.md

## Key Rotation

> As detailed in [the Celo account roles description page](./detailed), Celo Locked Gold accounts can authorize separate signer keys for various roles such as voting or validating. This way, if an authorized signer key is lost or compromised, the Locked Gold account can authorize a new signer to replace the old one, without risking the key that custodies funds. This prevents losing an authorized signer key from becoming a catastrophic event. In fact, it is recommended as an operational best practice to regularly rotate keys to limit the impact of keys being silently compromised.

Reviewer: I don't quite understand what "without risking the key that custodies funds" is meant to communicate here. In the current wording I consider it somewhat confusing because the key that custodies funds _is_ required to be accessed to assign the new signer, which puts it at some risk (just by accessing it).
```suggestion
As detailed in [the Celo account roles description page](./detailed), Celo Locked Gold accounts can authorize separate signer keys for various roles such as voting or validating. This way, if an authorized signer key is lost or compromised, the Locked Gold account can authorize a new signer to replace the old one. This prevents losing an authorized signer key from becoming a catastrophic event. In fact, it is recommended as an operational best practice to regularly rotate keys to limit the impact of keys being silently compromised.
```

### Validator Signer Rotation

Because the Validator signer key is constantly in use to sign consensus messages, special care must be taken when authorizing a new Validator signer key. The following steps detail the recommended procedure for rotating the validator signer key of an active and elected validator:

> 1. Create a new Validator instance as detailed in the [Deploy a Validator](../../getting-started/mainnet/running-a-validator-in-mainnet.md#deploy-a-validator-machine) section of the getting started documentation. When using a proxy, additionally create a new proxy and peer it with the new validator instance, as described in the same document. Wait for the new instances to sync before proceeding. Please note that when running the proxy, the `--proxy.proxiedvalidatoraddress` flag should reflect the new validator signer address. Otherwise, the proxy will not be able to peer with the validator.

Reviewer: Technically, it will peer, but will not forward messages.
```suggestion
1. Create a new Validator instance as detailed in the [Deploy a Validator](../../getting-started/mainnet/running-a-validator-in-mainnet.md#deploy-a-validator-machine) section of the getting started documentation. When using a proxy, additionally create a new proxy and peer it with the new validator instance, as described in the same document. Wait for the new instances to sync before proceeding. Please note that when running the proxy, the `--proxy.proxiedvalidatoraddress` flag should reflect the new validator signer address. Otherwise, the proxy will not be able to forward messages for the validator.
```

    # From a node with access to the beneficiary key of VALIDATOR_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS
    celocli releasegold:authorize --contract $VALIDATOR_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS --role validator --signer $SIGNER_TO_AUTHORIZE --signature 0x$SIGNER_PROOF_OF_POSSESSION --blsKey $BLS_PUBLIC_KEY --blsPop $BLS_PROOF_OF_POSSESSION
    ```
  
  {% hint style="warning" %}

>   Please note that the BLS key and proof of possession will change when the validator signer key is rotated, as the BLS key is derived from the validator signer ECDSA key. If the new BLS key is not authorized, then the validator will be unable to process aggregated signatures during consensus, resulting in downtime. For more details, please read [the BLS key section of the Celo account role descriptions](./detailed.md#authorized-validator-bls-signers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Please note that the BLS key will change along with the validator signer ECDSA key on the node. If the new BLS key is not authorized, then the validator will be unable to process aggregated signatures during consensus, **resulting in downtime**. For more details, please read [the BLS key section of the Celo account role descriptions](./detailed.md#authorized-validator-bls-signers).
```
